Document terraform code structure (#72)
shalb/cluster.dev: docs/style-guide.md

It is needed for [terraform-docs](https://github.com/antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform#notes-about-terraform_docs-hooks) hooks. The hook rewrites all the things inside with every `.tf` file change.

Then run `pre-commit run --all-files` or make some changes in any `.tf` file in the same dir (for ex. `variable "name" {` -> `variable "name"{`).

### Terraform code structure

> If you'd like to know how we preferred structure tf-code, see [this article](terraform-code-structure.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to know how we prefer to structure the tf-code, please see [this article](terraform-code-structure.md).
```
